after months of failure Seaton must have
been at his wits end he hadn't even
clapped eyes on Lobo what he desperately
needed was a lucky break
and eventually that's exactly what he
got
I kept out above the creek close to
where the snow geese and cranes are
wintering they spend the nights huddled
together in the marsh beyond the reach
of the Coyotes and the wolves
it was the commotion of the geese that
led me to the clue I so badly needed
I recognize Lobos mark instantly then
noticed a second set of tracks always it
seemed running out in front wherever
these smaller tracks led old Lobo was
sure to follow leaping and rolling in
the mud suddenly I realized what was
going on the old Marauder wasn't enough
CP knew immediately that the she-wolf
was his big chance a cynical new pan
formed in his mind during the breeding
season which apparently a lot of his
story took place that male's tending
that female extremely closely he rarely
leaves her side during that time period
I chase wolves with a helicopter it
doesn't hurt them we have to do it but
when we move in on them it's during the
mating season
and you can always tell who's the
breeding pair because they will not
separate and so they're moving around in
their own little orbit up to and the
rest of the pack breaks up and goes
every which way that male wolf the alpha
male sticks right with that female